[Music]
hello and welcome back to another video
i hope you're having
the loveliest week i'm so excited for
today's video as
it's something that i did about six
months ago which is testing
some tick-tock healthy dessert and snack
ideas this one's going to be mainly more
kind of desserts but obviously you could
have them as snacks as well
i absolutely love tik tok just for like
recipes that you would never
ever really expect like to work or
because they're quite minimal sometimes
like minimal ingredients i just thought
oh surely that would never like taste
that good
i was definitely proved wrong in the
last video i made this mug cake a bit
i've made so many times like
after the video which is like a
two-minute microwave
mug cake which was so good so i thought
with like christmas being around the
corner this would be
a good video to do and also something
you could do at home like say if you've
got family over or whatever and
you want to test some new recipes after
the year we've all had like i'm just so
grateful for christmas and stuff like
it's one of my favorite times of the
year
we'll just jump straight into the video
if you could hit this video with a like
really support
my channel and it's so appreciated the
first one i think i'm going to try is
this
single serving brownie cookie it
literally looks
so nice cookie time this super fudgy
brownie cookie is perfect if you're
craving dessert but want a healthy
option
i have no clue how people speak so fast
on the voiceovers it's like this i can't
know your thing
so this is all you're going to need for
the cookie plain flour
cocoa powder nut butter and a bit of
bicarbonate of soda
golden syrup i have not used this in
years milk chocolate chips and then just
a little bit of vanilla extract
i feel like i'm the ceo of just the most
ridiculously large mixing bowl
for a single serving brownie cookie like
this is not necessary but i don't have a
smaller one
one cup of flour it's about 34 grams of
like in grams so i'm just gonna weigh it
out as i don't have like
a cup measurement 34
tablespoon of cocoa powder
wow this is a brand new pot of the maple
syrup
two tablespoons of maple syrup
number two but i'm just gonna use like
one and a half like i don't feel like
that is necessary a whole lot of maple
syrup
one tablespoon of nut butter i go
through
so much nut butter so on here it says a
tablespoon of egg i've never really
heard of that before so i'm just going
to use like
half an egg and then
two tablespoons chocolate chips 1 8
baking soda quarter of a teaspoon of
vanilla i'm just going to mix all this
together
i haven't had like a brownie or a
brownie cookie in
the longest so in her tik tok she puts
it in the fridge for half an hour so i'm
going to just
pop it in the fridge and then it says
bake for
15 minutes and i'm quickly gonna try the
actual batter though
so nice so here's the brownie mix half
an hour later
oh my gosh she is a gooey
that has completely changed like the
whole texture of the
like the bat this is going to be a giant
cookie or you could just do
like make it into two but she goes in
for 15 minutes
it's a finished brow knee put some like
peanut butter just on the top and i feel
like you couldn't really see it like it
wasn't really showing up on the camera
oh wow
that is really nice it's not very gooey
in the middle but still
really tasty and really rich as well i'd
probably give it like a
seven out of ten not like that gooey or
moist with a lot of syrup and stuff it
is
quite high sugar next up is these donuts
i've seen this recipe so many times and
i've seen some like recreations and they
look so so good
and it's literally like two ingredients
i think the original creator is
she's called ariel larae
simple and easy do they look so for this
it says two ingredients but
she's used like milk and sweetener as
well but i'm just thinking i don't think
they're gonna be that sweet because it's
an unflavored
like protein pancakes and with pancakes
you've got to put all the toppings on
haven't you so
i'm thinking i might add my own little
twist but if this works out i'll be so
impressed so i've just popped my oven
up to preheat to 180 degrees
so i'm just using like a random already
made up
protein pancake mix some sweetener and
then just a little bit of almond milk
and then i might add just small extra
toppings on
so she used two cups of pancake mix so
i'm just going to use like two scoops
which is about 60 grams
i'm just gonna fill like half of one of
the scoops
with water i'm just gonna add like a
teeny bit more water and i just don't
think
they will like hold any sort of shape
right now
now we've got like a dough going on and
i'm just going to form some like little
balls
it'll be a really good um like high
protein snack
these are just about to go in the oven
i'm just going to pop them for 10
minutes i've got six in total or two
sort of smaller ones
hopefully they'll look something like
this
okay so here we are out of the oven kind
of with somebody now
like dumplings we're gonna use like a
tablespoon of
this sweetener tablespoon of almond milk
oh i'm just gonna thicken up this like
glaze thing with some powdered peanut
butter
i've got the donut bowls out these have
finished i just um
let the like outer sauce thing kind of
set
they do look like dumplings don't they
but i put some like sugar-free glaze on
top and then i've
also used a bit of like powdered peanut
butter
oh
that is a no for me i didn't have like
massive expectations just because
it was like pretty minimal ingredients
in the exact ingredients that you use
for like a pancakes it would depend on
like what pancake mix
you've already got not very edible
they're like super
like hard in the middle i'm not sure why
they've ended up like that but it could
just be the pancake mix i've used rather
than like the actual recipe or anything
like that
so this next one is like like a protein
bowl
three tablespoons pb fit half scoop
protein powder
this looks super easy and quick um so
this is definitely worth trying also
like this is one of probably
the main recipes i'm trying that's like
quite high protein like with
added protein in there like i mentioned
earlier i really like the mug cake so if
this would be another good one we've got
some almond milk
baking powder powdered peanut butter
ground cinnamon
phd diet weight cookies and cream i will
leave my discount link for this down
below and then just some cocoa powder he
has used
three tablespoons of powdered peanut
butter
this stuff is really underrated like
powdered peanut butter it's so good as
for like toppings as well
and then about half a scoop of protein
i'm using cookies and cream flavor
it's a funny one i think cooking and
like baking
with protein as a bacon with protein in
cookies and it's so hard to get like a
nice
proper like cookie consistency a full
scoop of
cocoa powder a bit of cinnamon
and a quarter teaspoon of baking powder
i use a cup of almond milk i'm just
going to use
one two look it just wants to look
like something like that i'll put a bit
more milk in
mine's a completely different color it
is a slightly different consistency but
whenever you bake
with protein powder of different protein
brands can
be quite different so sometimes you've
got to add like less or more milk i like
to add a bit more
milk so literally i'm just going to put
this in the microwave for one minute
this is a little protein bowl i actually
love this because
it's packed full of protein so quick and
easy and it is just like a fudgy
like goodness the protein i use in this
is quite of a moussey protein which is
even better i just put a bit of cream on
the top
so nice that you're strong eight out of
ten
something so simple and just like mix it
all together but it's just like eating
like a mousse kind of thing
i'm really excited about this one it is
a
um oh my god look how good that looks
no sugar added peanut butter mug cake
oh this is really good and only takes
two minutes and you just whizz
everything up you use this cute little
kind of like mug thing chocolate chip
almond butter
one whole egg some almond milk some
plain flour some vanilla extract
one whole banana some sea salt use this
whole banana
and mash this up it would probably be
way easier to do this in a separate bowl
but you know i really want it to just be
one mug thing in the bowl if you don't
have right bananas by the way
just pop it in the oven for like 10 15
minutes it gets
go sweeter it goes like a funny black
color if you didn't already know that
but that is a super handy little hat to
know
one tablespoon of um almond milk she
used
uh vanilla almond milk but we don't
really have that in the uk i've never
seen that before
one egg okay very optimistic thinking
this is all gonna fit
in here i've literally been wanting to
use this little thing
today's the day a quarter just a little
bit of vanilla
sea salt tablespoon
of almond butter i'm just going to pour
this into here because i obviously could
not mix that all
and then i've just popped three
tablespoons of flour in here
and some chocolate chips
and then i'm just gonna pop this in the
microwave for two minutes
[Music]
it's like the perfect shape and
everything and
oh my god that is amazing
so nice i'm definitely going to make
this one again i'm going to i think this
is my favorite
it reminds me a bit of like banana bread
as well but like with a peanut butter
twang
so out of every single recipe my
all-time favorite was definitely
the banana microwave like mug cake thing
absolutely
the perfect consistency and so nice like
100 gonna make that again
i also really liked the like chocolate
mousse bowl type thing that's such a
nice little snack idea or something
so yeah that brings us to the end of
this video i really hope you enjoyed
this one do let me know if you want to
see
any more like this if you've got any
other ideas put them in the comments
down
below and i would love you to stick
around by subscribing and joining the
fam and i will see you guys in
the next video